React 18 "React.use" webpack fix (#14113)
remix-run/react-router: .changeset/rotten-foxes-deliver.md

---
"react-router": patch
---

> Prevent webpack error with React 18 when defining code that uses React.use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adjust internal RSC usage of `React.use` to avoid Webpack compilation errors when using React 18
```
